Fixed #35528 -- Added helper method EmailMultiAlternatives.body_contains(). (#18278)
django/django: docs/topics/email.txt

    msg.attach_alternative(html_content, "text/html")
    msg.send()

If you want to assert that your text-based email contents contain a certain

> string, you can use the following helper method::

Reviewer: Ok @GitRon I merged in the docs update to main, you can rebase and make some updates 👍

> string, you can use the following helper method::

Author: On it 👌

>     msg = EmailMultiAlternatives(subject, "I am content.", from_email, [to])
>     assert msg.body_contains("I am")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    def test_contains_email_content(self):
        subject = "hello"
        from = "from@example.com"
        to = "to@example.com"
        msg = EmailMultiAlternatives(subject, "I am content.", from_email, [to])
        msg.attach_alternative("<p>I am content.</p>", "text/html")
        self.assertEqual(msg.body_contains("I am content"), True)
        self.assertEqual(msg.body_contains("<p>I am content.</p>"), False)
```
Might be a better example 🤔

Author: true. fixed.

>             msg.attach_alternative(html_content, "text/html")

Author: valid point 👌

            msg.attach_alternative(html_content, "text/html")
            msg.send()

>      .. method:: body_contains(text)
> 
>         Returns a boolean indicating whether the provided ``text`` is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     .. method:: body_contains(text)
     
        .. versionadded:: 5.2
        
        Returns a boolean indicating whether the provided ``text`` is
```
